It's a joke that you're just a stand-in for an adult
Really treat yourself as humble
Who is the stand-in?
You'll know in a while
See my lord
Temple Guard Enchantress
See dear sir
Get up yeah
He is fake
Don't be fooled by him.
I was wrong, the country was wrong.
Impossible absolutely impossible
He really kissed the adults
This is really the Lord in Heaven
Oh mom grandma mom
What's your trouble?
Come
Humble sir, I was wrong
I was wrong, please forgive me.
I was wrong to serve Jia Jianqian in the name of an adult
His crime deserves punishment
The official family of the imperial capital is unkind
Take away the lord, please forgive me
You let me go
Almost finished
Welcome to the second term of teachers and students
All are well
Let me introduce you to everyone
And this is my wife.